Invite me to a stage play
Just the two of us
This is the world's top art troupe
Annual performance
There was originally a special Chen
But he recently had hemorrhoid surgery
I can't do it, I can only lie on my stomach
So it's fine.
I'll give you some leisure and resell it.
Wait a minute, resell
Yeah, don't you want to go?
I specially booked the venue
Look at this thing
I thought this thing wouldn't sell
Everyone is booked, but don't worry.
I'll definitely sell you a good price
Go out first
Hey Chen Tezhu
I heard you had hemorrhoid surgery
Can't do it
Yeah.
I'll buy you a pillow pad under your butt later.
Mr. Gu, in order to chase Secretary Lin
It's okay to pour dirty water on me
But you invited Secretary Lin to watch the stage play
Why don't you just ask him to sleep?
I mean, Mr. Gu
You can't just think about what you like when you chase people.
Think about what people like
When I was chasing my wife
Moments from seven years ago
As the saying goes, know yourself and know your enemy.
Is it necessary?
My wife was very moved
Hugged me and kissed me
You talk too much today.
Go out
Ok Mr. Gu
Zhang Ting
He actually knew Linza